README.md, before:

# Awesome FinOps [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

> A curated list of awesome FinOps resources

**FinOps, also called Cloud Financial Management, is a set of principles, practices and tools to increase an organization's ability to understand cloud costs, make business tradeoffs, and ultimately get the most value out of their cloud spending.**

## Contents

- [Communities](#communities)
- [Education](#education)
  - [Articles](#articles)
  - [Books](#books)
  - [Online Courses](#online-courses)
  - [Certifications](#certifications)
  - [KPIs](#kpis)
- [Tools](#tools)
  - [Open Source Tools](#open-source-tools)
  - [Commercial Tools](#commercial-tools)
- [Job Postings](#job-postings)

## Communities

- [FinOps Foundation](https://www.finops.org/) - Its goal is to advance the discipline of FinOps and cloud financial management through best practices, education and standards. It is a member of [The Linux Foundation](https://www.linuxfoundation.org/).
- [LinkedIn - Cloud FinOps Practitioners](https://www.linkedin.com/groups/10538269/)
- [Reddit - r/FinOps](https://www.reddit.com/r/FinOps/)

## Education

### Articles

- [Understanding Data Transfer in AWS](https://www.lastweekinaws.com/blog/understanding-data-transfer-in-aws/) - Make sense of the complex world of data transfer cost in AWS.

### Books

- [Cloud FinOps](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/cloud-finops/9781492054610/) - Seminal book by founders of the FinOps Foundation.

### Online Courses

- [edX - Introduction to FinOps](https://courses.edx.org/courses/course-v1:LinuxFoundationX+LFS175x+2T2020/course/) - Self-paced, 1-2 hour introduction.

### Certifications

- [FinOps Certified Practitioner](https://www.finops.org/certification/) - Two-day training course and certification by the FinOps Foundation.

### KPIs

- [finopsfoundation/kpis](finopsfoundation/kpis) - List of common KPIs by the FinOps Foundation.

## Tools

### Open Source Tools

- [Cloud Custodian](https://cloudcustodian.io/) - Stateless rules engine for policy definition and enforcement, with metrics, structured outputs and detailed reporting for clouds infrastructure.

### Commercial Tools

- [Cloudability](https://www.cloudability.com/)
- [CloudCheckr](https://www.cloudhealthtech.com/)
- [CloudHealth](https://www.cloudhealthtech.com/)
- [Densify](https://www.densify.com/)

## Job Postings

- [FinOps Foundation Job Board](https://www.finops.org/jobs/)

## Contribute

Contributions welcome! Read the [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) first.

## License

This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/).

[![CC BY-NC-SA 4.0](https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/)

Commit message:

Added Practical FinOps
Hi,

Stjepan from Manning here. I believe this title would be a great contribution to your list. Thank you for considering it.

Best,

README.md, after:

# Awesome FinOps [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

> A curated list of awesome FinOps resources

**FinOps, also called Cloud Financial Management, is a set of principles, practices and tools to increase an organization's ability to understand cloud costs, make business tradeoffs, and ultimately get the most value out of their cloud spending.**

## Contents

- [Communities](#communities)
- [Education](#education)
  - [Articles](#articles)
  - [Books](#books)
  - [Online Courses](#online-courses)
  - [Certifications](#certifications)
  - [KPIs](#kpis)
- [Tools](#tools)
  - [Open Source Tools](#open-source-tools)
  - [Commercial Tools](#commercial-tools)
- [Job Postings](#job-postings)

## Communities

- [FinOps Foundation](https://www.finops.org/) - Its goal is to advance the discipline of FinOps and cloud financial management through best practices, education and standards. It is a member of [The Linux Foundation](https://www.linuxfoundation.org/).
- [LinkedIn - Cloud FinOps Practitioners](https://www.linkedin.com/groups/10538269/)
- [Reddit - r/FinOps](https://www.reddit.com/r/FinOps/)

## Education

### Articles

- [Understanding Data Transfer in AWS](https://www.lastweekinaws.com/blog/understanding-data-transfer-in-aws/) - Make sense of the complex world of data transfer cost in AWS.

### Books

- [Cloud FinOps](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/cloud-finops/9781492054610/) - Seminal book by founders of the FinOps Foundation.
- [Practical FinOps](https://www.manning.com/books/practical-finops) - Managing cloud cost, visibility, and accountability by Mohamed Labouardy.

### Online Courses

- [edX - Introduction to FinOps](https://courses.edx.org/courses/course-v1:LinuxFoundationX+LFS175x+2T2020/course/) - Self-paced, 1-2 hour introduction.

### Certifications

- [FinOps Certified Practitioner](https://www.finops.org/certification/) - Two-day training course and certification by the FinOps Foundation.

### KPIs

- [finopsfoundation/kpis](finopsfoundation/kpis) - List of common KPIs by the FinOps Foundation.

## Tools

### Open Source Tools

- [Cloud Custodian](https://cloudcustodian.io/) - Stateless rules engine for policy definition and enforcement, with metrics, structured outputs and detailed reporting for clouds infrastructure.

### Commercial Tools

- [Cloudability](https://www.cloudability.com/)
- [CloudCheckr](https://www.cloudhealthtech.com/)
- [CloudHealth](https://www.cloudhealthtech.com/)
- [Densify](https://www.densify.com/)

## Job Postings

- [FinOps Foundation Job Board](https://www.finops.org/jobs/)

## Contribute

Contributions welcome! Read the [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) first.

## License

This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/).

[![CC BY-NC-SA 4.0](https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/)
